# Notes meeting 2 (Week 2.3) 1.12.2022

### General points
- Must, should, could is fine as issues/requirements in gitlab
- User + authentication microservice is fine
- HOA microservice should probably be split (Not necessary, but recommended by TA)
    - Separate activities / votes (Good for scaling)
    - Needs to stay complex enough to apply design patterns

### Q&A
- Should we use encryption for votes? 
    - Not necessary, but if easy to implement then might as well
- Should we check user address before joining HOA?
    - Yes
- Should we use a database microservice?
    - No
- What should we include in HOA history? 
    - Don't include reports, do include elections, proposals and activities

### Next weeks
- Assigment 1: 16 december + 1 week for bug fixing etc.
    - 2 design patterns implemented
    - Architecture done
- Finish description and definition of done
